Caches are small and low latency data storage used to store frequently accessed data. Retreiving data from DB involves latency which is not encouraged
in cases where a piece of data is frequently asked for. This introduces the need to use fast data retreivals.
Caching is not just a 'store and retrieve' system, but it involves various policies and stategies.

1) Placement of the Cache
 - Cache can be placed on the client side (bowser storage, indexedDB, session storage, local storage) or server side (in- memory cache, redis, memchache, db -level cache)

2) Population of Cache
    a) Write - Back
        In this policy, the database is eventually consistent, but persistence takes a toll. Here's why: The updates happen fast and only cache is updated.
        The DB may be updated after a certain amount of time (event-based) or a certain amount of updates. The time between the DB update may cause some inconsistency for
        services accessing the DB directly. Also, in case of cache failure, the db might not get updated and the data may be lost, this is why this policy 
        is not persistent.
    b) Write - through
        This is highy consistent as the cache and DB both are updated on every write and also reads are super fast and consistent. But this is very inefficient
        as writes are very slow.
    c) Write - around
        The writes happen all in DN and cache may contain stale data, but the efficiency is high and data is persistent. There may be TTL added to data,
        after which the data reloads into cache and eventual consistency of cache is reached.

When we're done with Placement and Population, we're down to cache life cycle, like what happens when the size of the cache exceeds.
But before we go any further, let's discuss an issue called thrashing in caches.

Thrashing
    This may happen when the cache size is too small compared to the relevant information to be stored or the eviction policies are not efficient.
    Suppose the cache size is small and the data accessed is large, the frequently used keys would also get evicted frequently and cache would be 
    busy with unwanted eviction instead if actual retrievals. This may cause caches to lose it low latency benefit even though it's working haed.

If we think of a simple solution, FIFO may come to our mind, removing the first inserted element from the cache and replacing it with a new value.
But this may cause thrashing if if want to frequently access the data we retrieved first, but FIFO keeps evicting it.

Other policies are LRU (Least Recently Used) and LFU (Least Frequently Used)
